Module:69
title: Final Proeject Part 1 (Home Page)

1.Module introduction and project overview
2.Introduction to Material UI to use default appBar
3.Explore Material UI Responsive Grid for services section
4.Use Material UI Card to display Single service data
5.Finish Service and Explore Material UI Common Utility
6.Add Dynamic background image for the appointment
7.Make Image popup and background position
8.Create simple Top Banner Using Material UI
9. Module Summary

///.... work on 69 module code
Module:70
title:Final Project Part-2 (Appointment)

1.Module Introduction And Appointment Page Setup
2.Create Appointment Header And With Mui Date Picker
3.Set Dynamic Calendar With Lift Up State To Share Data
4.Create Booking Component Inside Responsive Grid
5.Style Booking Card Using Material Ui Paper
6.Display A Modal From On Booking Click With Dynamic Data
7.Create Booking Form Inside Booking Modal
8.Simple Node Mongo Server To Connect Database
9.Module Summary And Database Connection
//

///Module : 70.5 => Practice (DEU),Complete doctors protal homepage

//Module: 71 
title: Final Project Part -3 (Auth Recap)
1.Module Introduction, Recap and Login route
2.Set Login Component and use Object as State
3. Registration page, Recap update of State holding an object
4.Create Firebase Project and set Environment variable
5.Set UseFirebase function and explain onAuthStateChanged
6. Create AuthContext and useAuth Hook
7. Use Auth hook in the Register page and set Loader
8.Handle Login Success Failure and set Login page
9.Private Route and redirect user to the page they wanted to go

///


//Module: 72
Title : Final Project Part 4 (Dashboard) 
1. Module Summary Add Google popup Sign In
2. Add user Name on Registration and handle redirect
3. Server Overview and api naming convention
4.Create Appointment post and collect client side data
5.Store booking to the databases and display success
6.Create Dashboard route with Responsive Sidebar or Drawer
7. Load Appointments from API based on user Email
8.Display User specific Appointments using Data Table
9.Module Summary and filter by Date


//Module : 73
title: Final Project Part -5 (Secure Admin)
1.Module Introduction and User Creation Process
2.Save Registered user information in the database
3. Upsert users data to insert if not exists to the database
4. Implement Nested Route to have multiple path on Dashboard
5.Create Make Admin page and api to make an user admin
6.Limit Dashboard features based on admin level access
7.Secure Admin Route and get jwt token on client side
8.Setup firebase admin and verify token middleware
9.Module Summary and verify jwt token on server

///