Milestone: Intermediate Level React

module:75
=>Payment gateway Stripe Integration
1.Module Overview Payment gateway and Stripe account
2.Set Service price and Create payment route
3.Load appointment specific data install stripe and stripe for react
4. Implement payment Process with simple card form
5.Handle payment processing error and success
6.Server side payment intents API to get client Secret from stripe
7. Payment confirmation and Store payment info to the database
8. Store payment data on database and overview
9.High level overview of Bangladeshi Payment Gateway

//

Module:76
Title: Image Upload,Live Site Deploy ,React Router v6
1. Module Overview and Image Upload form setup
2. Use Form Data to send files to server using fetch
3.Store images to the database and load image data
4.Display Base 64 Buffer image from mongo db database
5.Deploy Doctors portal to live site using google domain
6.Replace React Router v5 by Version 6 and handle errors
7. Handle More errors to update React Router V6
8.Final Testing and How to start with React Router V6
9.React Routing with V6 and CSS modules

////

module:77
Title: Introduction React Native,Next Js,Class Components
1.Getting started with React Native and create your first app
2. Load data using fetching and display those data
3.Display image in a Scrollview and explore React Native
4. A simple introduction to Next JS
5. Next JS routing and load data using get static props
6. SSR overview and dynamic route generation
7.Documentation overview of Sass and styled component
8.Introduction to React Class Component and state
9.Pass props and Handle events in Class Components

///
module:77.5
title: useReducer,redux core concept,optional Assignment
1.Four ways to manage State in a react application
2.Redux Core concepts Store Action dispatch reducer
3.A simple introduction of useReducer hook
4.Use useReducer with reducer state for a simple case
5.UseReducer with collection and action with payload
6.Optional Assignment with New React Router V6, payment gateway

//
